hi everyone so there's lots of tutorials
that I get asked for that are gonna be
like really small tutorials that I just
feel don't deserve their own video so I
decided this week I'm just gonna put a
few small tutorials into one video so
that I can answer to all those requests
and still not have like a 30 second long
video so here here's that thanks for
watching and we'll get right into this
now
so the first thing we're gonna get into
is donations on for your Garry's Mod
server
I've seen this ask for a lots of times
but it's just such a small video that I
can't I just didn't want to do it on
like its own video so no it's going in
this one just go to coder hire calm yeah
I'll get into script flutter in a minute
just click login sign in through Steam
and then it should take you here just
sign in I'm already signed in so I just
click yes sign in it'll redirect me back
to coda hire calm it's gonna show a
little notification on top coda higher
is closing its closing on the 30th but
there's lots of more information over
here you've said after you bought things
just to be able to do all you'll still
be able to do all this stuff just read
here it's helpful you can use script
fodder after this shuts down if you
still want to buy stuff there's other
websites for this but this is this looks
like a good one as well it doesn't look
as pretty though so if you want a
prettier one use this quickly but anyway
yes once you sign in go to scripts and
wait cuz I'm watching a stream right now
as I talk Jo I click donation after you
go to scripts there's four of these it's
probably more on the other one I forgot
its name already I never use it for this
one was used a lot this one and never
solved for this one I didn't either
automated donation system this goes on a
website so you can get a free subdomain
or you're under or your own domain
connect it to your server from now it
tells you there's going to be an
installation guide
or if there isn't you could just talk to
the coder then this one don't know about
and this one I don't either but his
media tab looks like this goes on a
website as well and here this looks like
a website yeah that's okay all these go
on a website but still they work you get
donations or purchases of ranks or
whatever you want to be selling and you
can get money from that so next topic
next is how to make a Garry's Mod
jailbreak server just pretty much follow
the steps I did to make the zombie
survival server but for jailbreak as you
can see here it says the script is
currently unavailable to purchase but I
know for a fact that there is a leak of
this on a certain website named leak dot
s X if you want to go there I'm not
saying you should though but yeah maybe
I have to because if you aren't
available to purchase because he did not
buy another developer description
probably because go to house closing so
next next if you want to know how to
make a map for Garry's Mod or
counter-strike source kind of Strike
global Offensive it's all pretty much
the same but mmm csgo you'd use
different location pretty much go go
here where your steam is installed steam
apps common counter-strike source pin
there's a hammer exe file open that I
have it on my taskbar down here for ease
of use it'll open up that was an odd
noise it'll open up click new and you go
from here just one thing you should
remember click on camera right here and
click 3d shaded textured polygons now
you'll be able to see textures when
you're placing blocks and stuff I'm not
gonna go much more in-depth than this
because there's tons of tutorials on
YouTube that are gonna be probably much
better than this one since I'm doing a
mini tutorial video so this is just
getting started so you know what to use
how to make sure you can see textures in
hammer
and all that stuff I'll actually know
other stuff just that stuff yes alright
next now here's the last mini tutorial I
keep getting asked how I put butts in my
game and I keep responding to that in
the comments but I always get asked
again in the next video so I decided
I'll just put this in here as well just
go to the ulx forums that's forums dot
Ulises mod net go-to releases and by the
bottom and then it'll be somewhere in
this category right now it's at the
bottom of the first page just click on
that I'll load up a thread there's two
add-ons in here cups custom commands and
server mail just click on custom
commands
that'll download the file just put all
of these into your oops put all these
into your ulx mod add-on fold everything
here it comes with two folders custom
commands one category and just custom
commands so if you want it all in one
category it'll say like I think it's
custom that's what I did then all the
commands from here will go into that
category otherwise it'll all go into
categories that already exist which
depending on the person is either good
or bad
but that's what all these CC files are
here custom commands very useful third I
mean but command is in there so if you
want it go get it I'll put this link on
the Jacke tutorials forums with the
thread for this video thanks for
watching remember to like the video if
you liked it subscribe for more
tutorials from me and Jack again I post
every Friday Jack post every Wednesday
I'll either do a Lua tutorial or a dark
RP video next week and keep getting
asked for both so see you guys next time
bye